$ ./generate grammar1 10

'is it true that the delicious chief of staff wanted every chief of staff under the chief of staff ?'

'is it true that the pickle on the sandwich in every floor under the floor under a perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff under a president in the perplexed fine floor wanted every chief of staff with every floor on a pickle with the pickle on every chief of staff with every floor on every chief of staff on the pickle under every president in every president with a president under the pickle on every chief of staff under the president under a sandwich under the floor under every chief of staff under the chief of staff on every sandwich on every pickled sandwich with a floor on every pickle under the floor in every sandwich in a sandwich ?'

'is it true that the pickle wanted the floor ?'

'the president with every floor with a delicious perplexed pickle kissed the pickle under the sandwich in every floor in the pickle !'

'is it true that a pickled sandwich pickled a floor ?'

'a pickle with a president on a floor pickled a president !'

'a chief of staff with a chief of staff ate a president !'

'the delicious floor in the pickle under the president with a fine chief of staff under every floor in the chief of staff with a president ate a floor .'

'the sandwich ate a pickle in every pickle under a sandwich on every president in every sandwich in a fine floor with the pickle in a pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff on every pickle under a chief of staff in the president on every floor under every president on every chief of staff on every sandwich under a president on a floor on every sandwich on the sandwich with the floor in a president on every chief of staff in every sandwich in the sandwich with the fine pickle with the pickle under every sandwich with every president under the pickle under every sandwich under every fine chief of staff under every floor with the delicious chief of staff on the delicious sandwich under the president in a president on a sandwich under every floor under a floor in a president on every sandwich under the sandwich under the pickle under the chief of staff under the floor with every pickle on every president with a pickle on the sandwich in a floor !'

'is it true that a sandwich pickled every sandwich under a floor in a president under every delicious pickle on the president ?'

